Final touches for v1.0 (#938)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/building-a-dbt-project/package-management.md

<Changelog>

* `v0.20.1`: Fixed handling for prerelease versions. Introduced `install-prerelease` parameter.

> * `v1.0.0`: If provided an explicit prerelease version, dbt will install it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `v1.0.0`: When you provide an explicit prerelease version, dbt will install that version.
```

</Changelog>

Some package maintainers may wish to push prerelease versions of packages to the dbt Hub, in order to test out new functionality or compatibility with a new version of dbt. A prerelease version is demarcated by a suffix, such as `a1` (first alpha), `b2` (second beta), or `rc3` (third release candidate).

By default, `dbt deps` will not include prerelease versions when resolving package dependencies. You can enable the installation of prereleases in one of two ways:

> - explicitly specifying a prerelease in your `version` criteria

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Explicitly specifying a prerelease in your `version` criteria
```

> - setting `install-prerelease` to `true`

Reviewer: I think we are somehow specifying limits to the version criteria, right?
```suggestion
- Setting `install-prerelease` to `true` while specifying the limits in your `version` criteria
```
